when update, the lighttpd config file changes will lost，use other config file to avoid this happen (#709)
pi-hole/docs: docs/guides/webserver/caddy.md

In this case, port 1080 was chosen at random. You can use a custom port.

> BUT ANY CHANGES MADE TO THIS FILE WILL BE LOST ON THE NEXT UPDATE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BUT ANY CHANGES MADE TO THIS FILE WILL BE LOST ON THE NEXT PI-HOLE UPDATE.
```

> So if you want a permanent method of changing the lighttpd port and your lighttpd version >= 1.4.46, you can overwrite the port in file: `/etc/lighttpd/external.conf:`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So if you want a permanent method of changing the lighttpd port and your lighttpd version >= 1.4.46, you can overwrite the port in: `/etc/lighttpd/external.conf` (note the different syntax!):
```
